---
title: Development is cool
date: 2017-03-21
layout: post
tags: development
---

Dear Diary: Tonight I'm sneaking off to the abandoned taffy factory to look for
treasure. Also, if boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses. Thank you
zombie boyfriends. Brr, it sure is cold in here. I wish some strong, chivalrous
man would lend me his jacket, or his pants. I'm just not sure if I'll be any
good on the grill with one free hand. If we see any mermaids, I'm gonna ask them
where their merginas are. My boob? My boob? I could go to jail, or hell, or
jail-hell. READ_MORE

The hand wants what the hand wants. Thank you zombie boyfriends. I'm just not
sure if I'll be any good on the grill with one free hand. Suddenly, Tina Belcher
appeared in the doorway. She knew what she had to do. Dear God, this is Tina
from school. I'm out of control. Argh!... Wait, I like the library. I need to
find a boy with a turtle bite on his finger.

This is where I thrash. Crap attack? Don't have one? uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I guess
she doesn't like wearing clothes. I've logged over 3,000 fantasy hours on my
relationship with Jimmy Jr. You don't just throw that away. I'm gonna write the
most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. So I think I'm being
attacked by zombies and I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make
out with it. I need to find a boy with a turtle bite on his finger.

I don't know. Eating lobster? It goes against everything we were taught to
believe. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. My crotch is itchy. Sometimes
with Jimmy Jr, I don't know what to say. But now I don't know what not to say
and it's like okay guys, who can get to my mouth first? Tina reached towards
Jimmy Junior's butt: 'Your lips say no but your butt says yes.' You had me at
horses, but then you lost me at corpses. There's a lot of carrots in that stew.
If I were a hamburger you'd come and watch!

I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. Detention is no big deal. Don't
have a crap attack. My crotch is itchy. Sometimes with Jimmy Jr, I don't know
what to say. But now I don't know what not to say and it's like okay guys, who
can get to my mouth first? Put it on a t-shirt, Jimmy Jr, I don't want to hear
it. There's someone behind the milk. Maybe it's the dairy fairy. How do you know
a python ate it? Did it leave a note? Dad, if you believe you're beautiful, you
will be. I did.

You're right. I'm a firestarter and a jinx. I'm going to destroy this whole
family. Dr. Yap, once I was into you, but after seeing you torture my father, I
think we should just be friends with dental benefits. Tina reached towards Jimmy
Junior's butt: 'Your lips say no but your butt says yes.' Follow me
fellas...Lets go somewhere where the sixteen of us can be alone. We can make
this work. We can work out a dating wheel, just like a chore wheel. Let's put
the try in triangle. Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels
go. The second time hurt the most. Sausage leather belts.
