---
title: Pizza is cool
date: 2017-03-20
layout: post
tags: pizza
---

Hi boys. I'm Tina. I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. uhhhhhhh My
bra's chafing me. Now my rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore.
How do you know a python ate it? Did it leave a note? My hearttttttttt. Argh!...
Wait, I like the library. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. READ_MORE

If you need me, I'll be down here on the floor. Dying. Here's a bunch of
numbers. They may look random but they're my phone number. I guess she doesn't
like wearing clothes. I need to find a boy with a turtle bite on his finger.
Ugg, my heart just pooped its pants. I guess she doesn't like wearing clothes.

He did? That's the sleaziest, sneakiest, most romantic thing anyone's ever done
to me. How do you know a python ate it? Did it leave a note? uhhhhhhh Jimmy Jr.
had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville.
Toot-toot. Crap attack? Don't have one? Put it on a t-shirt, Jimmy Jr, I don't
want to hear it. Dear God, this is Tina from school. There's a lot of carrots in
that stew. Ok then, see you on our date! I had no idea there was so much butt
touching in baseball. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies and I start
screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it. Is it possible to be
in love with 25 people at once? C'mon Dad, just let me bite down on the bean.
I'm no hero. I just put my bra on one boob at a time.

Time for the charm bomb to explode. I've logged over 3,000 fantasy hours on my
relationship with Jimmy Jr. You don't just throw that away. I'm gonna write the
most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. You had me at horses, but
then you lost me at corpses. uhhhhhhh Give them ridiculous French accents. He
did? That's the sleaziest, sneakiest, most romantic thing anyone's ever done to
me. I want a dry erase board so I can write down all my private thoughts and
then erase them immediately. Everyone began to touch each other's butts. Do you
think horses get songs stuck in their heads? Explore the morgue? Butts. Dr. Yap
is dreamy. When he's looking at my molars, it's like he's looking into my soul.
Dear God, this is Tina from school.
